Hello Kites

Gihok was not happy to get out of bed, neither was he happy when he opened his eyes in the morning. The night was gone and the day had come. Gihok knew that this day would pass just the same as the one before, which passed as the one before, which itself passed as the one before. It was an unending chain of days, going up to months and years. The years had not looked good. Gihok often tried to contemplate about that, but, he came out with nothing, but an emptiness, more so in the last ten years. Gihok had not given up though. He would get up every morning and visit the loo. This morning was no different. He visited the loo. He was not happy. He tried not to think and failed, the thoughts came rushing back. This was nothing new to him. This was his morning every day. He did not notice the environment outside much. He did not do so generally. The bathroom was dark and he liked it so in the morning. This morning was no different, the bathroom was dark. 'I would like it darker though', he thought. He waited. It was in his nature to wait in the bathroom. He did not like to rush the business in the bathroom. And, so it continued. The bathroom time went on. He heard a few sounds in the house. He knew that his mother would be busy in the kitchen. He knew the sounds. A few sounds came from the outside. There was nothin g to it.

-

Out of the bathroom, he dried his face with a towel and waited. He looked outside the window briefly and then went out of the bedroom, into the living room. In the living room, he came and sat on a couch. He would sit there every morning.

The morning went by slowly. As he sat there, his mind went back to the day before. On the evening of that day, he was in front of his computer. He was working on a document. It was not an important document, but, he wanted to finish it up. He was writing a letter to a local company about the washing machine he had purchased. He had had multiple issues with the machine, beginning with the delivery. He was not happy with it and wanted to let the company know about it. He had started writing the letter in the evening. It took some time. He had to recollect the date of purchase. He did not go and check the purchase receipt for the machine. He recollected the date from memory, put it in the document and had started the letter. It was a few paragraphs and he was about to finish the letter, when he was struck by a software problem. It software he was using for editing the letter would not let him wrap the paragraph, a rather long word had broken up at the end of the line was having the second part on the next line. Gihok was not happy about it. He tried to find an option in the software to wrap the lines. He did not find it. He generally had found options related to the text in the software. He tried, but, did not find an option. Something had come up in his mind.

He tried again and again to find the option. His mind went back a few years, when he was on a job. He tried again. He tried again. He somehow got thinking that he had to try again and again to do this. But, he could not. He tried some five times. Then, he gave up. He finished the letter with that word broken and saved the document. He was done, he would send the letter to the washing machine company next. He was not going to do it that evening.

Gihok's mind came back to the present.

-

Gihok waited for some time. He was in no state of mind to do anything. So, he decided to wait. 'There is no harm in waiting', he thought. There was not much movement in the house. Gihok did not have anything to do.

In some time, Gihok was startled by a sound, he looked, the sound came from the bedroom. He got up immediately and went to the bedroom. Inside the bedroom, he looked around. There was nothing he could find that was the source of the sound. He looked more and could not find anything. Then, suddenly, he noticed one thing. It was something very small, very tiny by the window, it was on the window sill. Gihok walked towards the window. He hesitated a little. But, he still walked. He walked and reached the window. He kept some distance, and looked. It was something very tiny, it was on the window sill. Gihok looked. It looked like a house, a very tiny one, in size, not more than the size of a shirt button. Gihok looked, observed. It definitely looked like a house. And, it looked like a real house. 'There may be people in there', Gihok thought. He was not sure what to do next. He waited.

Then, he looked outside the window. Outside the window, there was open space and a clear sky. He looked at it, he looked up and an idea came to him, 'It is a good time to fly a kite'.

-
