This Is The End

Chipa walked faster as he approached the terminal. He looked ahead and in the distance, there it was, the terminal of the Doki airport. The terminal was not covered in anything particular, it lay, in front of him, as a big structure under the light of the sun. It was unlike one time before, when Chipa saw the terminal covered in the mist of the light rain. It was surreal, almost like a painting. Chipa remembered the time, he had just come from his home, after receiving a blessing from his father. His father had told him to go to another city and join a job. Chipa had listened. The airport felt different on that day. Although, Chipa had arrived there with the job in mind, the thought was completely overtaken by the sight of airport in the grey mist. Chipa knew that the grey color was there because of the city pollution. But, it was still a sight to behold, see, remember and to probably include in some kind of writing unrelated to that sight. Chipa rememebered stading there, on that day, in front of the terminal and looking at the big structure. The light blue structure was half lost in the mist and half visible. The visible part reflected whatever light was getting through the mist and the cloud cover. The terminal looked still, quite contrary to the fact that it would be teeming with the passengers and aircrafts. No aircraft was visible, flying at that time. It was as if the state of the sky was registered by the people in charge. Chipa had stood there and had taken in the marvel that was the airport structure and the view that was a big grey misty sky. An aircraft flew, soon, from the ground to the sky, breaking the view that was in front of Chipa, Chipa had taken in the airport for some five minutes before that. Chipa remembered looking at the aircraft as well, with equal marvel, but, soon the marvel had turned into some kinf mechanical state of the mind. Chipa had stepped back and had started moving, in some kind of mechanical rhythm. He had walked into the terminal and had reached a counter. Today, Chipa remembered that, he walked on. A tiny wave of moving air brushed his face gently as he walked, he had a brief revisit to the remembering of the airport mist again. A small smile appeared on his face. He slowed down a little. He was in no hurry to reach the terminal. 'May be I should stop and think again', Chipa had a thought.

Chipa had set out for the airport in order to go to the city of Golut, where his present employment was. Chipa was employed as a chief security guard there, in a mid sized organization. He had been working there for ten years, he had joined as a security personnel and had advanced in the rank, to reach the level of chief security guard, he was well respected there, among his fellow security personnel and also among the other members of the organization. Chipa was thinking now, though. He stopped.

He looked at the sky, which was open and blue. A torrent of thought arrived in his mind. 'My mother has always despised me for having this job, although not too much. She values the reality of having a job. But, she might have a point there. May be she is right, I should do something else, something that fits me better, something that might make me reach my full potential. My father has a neutral view. He does not say anything about my job. It is hard. I have been at this job, in this profession for years now, more than a decade. I can't just leave this. But, something tells me that the time may be coming, to get into something new. This may not be easy. Any big change, is bound to be expensive. What is coming, I don't know. But, it may be coming for sure. I might start preparing for it. These are my thoughts currently. I don't know what my wife will think about this. Obviously, there is going to be all sorts of things because of this, from emotions to fights, from love to possible separation. From silent months to non stop words. I don't know how to handle this. May be God will help me. God is definitely helpful in the matters of marriage. Then, there is the question of my children. I am sure one of them will copy my wife's behaviour and make my life a little difficult. This is it, the benefits of having parents and wife and children. This will keep on repeating now, non stop may be'.

Just then, as he was looking at the sky and was thinking, a plane had taken off, it flew some distance, a few hundred meters from the ground, above it and then Chipa froze, the plane just went downwards, like a rock, it went down in a second and burst into flames, orange and red, covering the runway in fire, sending a huge ball of black smoke into sky, the black ball kept going up, the plane lay in thousands of pieces, Chipa did not unfreeze, a tear rolled from his eye, down his cheek.

-
