Plane Hit

It is quite amazing what technology can do. It can cure diseases, it can make your food last longer, it can make your vehicles fly and it can make coffee. There is no end to what modern technology can achieve. It goes on and on, and on. The people from all over the world keep on working on it, and, then more of them buy it. Such is the power of technology. It can offer you the power of God, in an instant. It does not discriminate between the poor and the rich. At the press of a button, a machine works, no matter who pressed it. A machine does not discriminate, technology offers equality. Everyone on this planet gets this, may be that is why everyone is interested in the technology. The modern technology has outcomes that are very powerful. The power can be felt at all levels, this power is far reaching, it reaches the poor as well as the rich, it reaches deserts as well as cities, it touches private lives as well as the masses, it involves private organisations as well as public. There is really no end to this. One can go on and on, for hours. Or, one can press a button and shut it all out. The technology offers one everything. All the people, the children, the mothers, the fathers, the friends and the foes enjoy the benefits of technology. The fruits of technology are everywhere.

But, there are dangers to it. As well the technology can bring you the name of a movie star at the press of a button, it can also bring you the effect of a weapon of mass destruction. The technology aids everyone, the good and the evil, the simple and the complicated. It is a dangerous tool, if not controlled and if not applied well. We might have seen the effects of bad application of technology, in, wars as well as civil life.

Porin remembered all this as he walked past the airport. He did that almost everyday. But, not everyday he was reminded of this thing. This view of technology was in his head since the time he had an article in the Minute magazine. The magazine was always full of information. In that issue of the Minute magazine, he had grasped this about the world of technology. Then, he had looked at his phone and had wondered for about half an hour, about the marvel that was modern technology. He had sighed and waited. He had liked what he read. Little did he know that he was going to remember that forever. Porin looked at the airport and then kept walking. He walked at the regular pace. He took steps at his regular speed. He was in particular hurry. Porin looked at the airport one more time and then he kept walking. He was about to get lost in his own thoughts, when he was interrupted, by a person, who came from a corner ahead of him. The corner was in Porin's view for a while, although he did not have a particular thought about it. Then, the person came from there suddenly, appearing in his view, from the other side of the corner, just as Porin was about to get lost in his thoughts. Porin could not really tell what thought it was. He just walked ahead and looked at the person. The person looked at him, Porin looked at him, then, the person looked at him. It happened and they walked past each other. Porin walked on. He had an urge to turn around and look, but, he did not.

He did not look at th airport, he walked on. He was in no particular hurry. It was the morning time, the sun was not hot yet. Some people walked towards their work. Porin looked and walked.

Elsewhere, Porin's wife was walking too. She was out for some grocery shopping. Shiqa, Porin's wife walked towards the shop. It was not very far from their house. The walk took some five minutes. Shiqa would walked that distance often, to go to the shop and get the groceries. Then, she would come back and put the items in their place. Then, she would cook. It was her routine. She would often forget about Porin as she did that. Shiqa walked, she had picked up a light rhythm. She smiled lightly to herself. Then, she noticed a woman wearing a light pink t-shirt. She decided to get a light blue coloured shirt herself and walked. She was still smiling, lightly. Above her head, the sun shone, brightly. Shiqa had forgotten about it as she was walking under the shade of a tree, which was under the shade of a big building. All this was not very far from the airport. Although, no plane had flown by in the past few minutes. Shiqa had her rhythm continued for a couple of minutes, before she came at an intersection. At the intersection, she was disturbed by a rather big sized oncoming man. Shiqa had to drop her rhythm and had to look at him. The man looked at her and walked on. Somehow, Shiqa could not lose th e thoughts related to that man for a while. She found it weird. She did not look back, she walked on and soon reached the shop.

The shop was open as usual. There were some people in the shop. Shiqa entered the shop and looked around, but not much. She knew what to do. It was her regular activity. She looked at the shopkeeper and started talking, "One kilo of rice, two kilos of sugar, one kilo packet of salt, a hundred gram packet of chilli powder, a fifty gram packet of cloves". Then, she stopped. She let the shopkeeper take in the list. The shopkeeper moved and started putting together the items for her list. Shiqa waited. The shopkeeper returned with the five items she hd asked for and looked at her. Shiqa started talking, "There is more", then she told him the next items on her list. She never wrote it down. The shopkeeper heard the names of the items and went to bring them. After the second round, Shiqa was done. The shopkeeper then calculated the total on the calculator and told the final amount, "Two hundred". Shiqa heard it and reached for her purse. She zipped open the purse.

It was a small purse, made of artificial, but, smooth leather like material, with a light design of leaves, itched on it in the light green color. 

She looked at the purse. Then, inside it. She looked inside, she quickly glanced at the amount of money in there, in the from of bills and coins and then quickly selected a few, to equal the two hundred to be given to the shopkeeper. She handed the money to the shopkeeper and the shopkeeper took it. He then opened the drawer and put the money in there. Then, he started putting the groceries in the bag. One by one, he put the items in the bag, Shiqa watched. The shopkeeper was done in a few seconds. He handed the bag to Shiqa. Shiqa walked out of the shop. Then, she was on the street. She thought of Porin briefly and then walked on.

The sun started shining a little more brightly above her.

The sun also shone on Porin, who was now walking a footpath by a big road. The road had plenty of traffic on it. Porin did not pay much attention to it. He walked on.

In a minute, he walked by man and then a little girl came into his view, from ahead of him. She looked at him and then suddenly stopped at a very fast rate. Porin did not see it coming. The girl had stopped right in front of him. So, Porin was blocked. In a couple of steps he was right in front of the girl. He stopped. He did not go around her. He stopped. The girl did not move, Porin did not move. The girl did not move, Porin did not move. A few seconds passed by and then the girl suddenly moved and walked past Porin. So, Porin also moved and walked on. He wondered what happened and then dropped the thought. He paid attention to the pat ahead. He walked on.

Behind him, the girl walked on. She also wondered what happened, but not as much as Porin did, as a little girl, she could only wonder about a little. She walked on, paid attention to the path ahead, a quick thought about her doll at home passed her mind. Then, she walked on.

Behind her, Porin walked on. Now, he was on an under repair section of the footpath, he watched his steps, as he walked on it. That section was full of little depressions. Porin had to mind his steps. He did so for about half a minute as walked on that section. The section was not long and Porin was past it in under a minute. Then, he was on the regular section of the footpath.

Then suddenly, he turned around and started walking, towards his home. He was done. In about fifteen minutes, he would be home, he knew that. He did not walk in any particular hurry, again. He knew that Shiqa would be home and cooking. He knew that he would now just go home, eat and then have an afternoon sleep. It was all regular for him.

In fifteen minutes, he reached his home. He ringed the bell to his house and waited.

-

The door did not open for some time. A few seconds passed. Then, Porin heard the footsteps. Someone was coming. Porin looked in that direction. In a few seconds, the person came into his view, it was a woman, walking up the stairs. It was a neighbour who lived on the same floor. Porin knew that. Although, he did not know her personally. So, Porin just looked. The woman, younger than Porin was moderately attractive. She was wearing a blue t-shirt and jeans. She walked briskly and towards Porin for a few seconds. Her hair was smooth and long, it flowed along the air in the corridor. Her face was round and she had a smile on it. She was not too tall. She looked at Porin. As she came near, Porin smelled her perfume. The woman looked at him and then walked on. She reached her door and started opening it, with her keys. Porin turned around and looked at her. The woman opened the door and went inside, then she closed the door behind her. Porin took the eyes off from that direction after that. Then, he looked at his own door. It was not open yet. So, Porin rang the bell again. Again, some time went by. This time, no one came by. Then, the door opened. It was his wife, Shiqa, Porin looked at her and went inside. Shiqa closed the door behind him. Then, she went into the kitchen.

Inside the kitchen, she worked, to prepare the lunch. She knew that, Porin would want to eat soon. Porin would be at the table soon, in the living room. Inside the kitchen, she hurried a little. The lunch was almost ready. It was some last touched to some items that was remaining. Shiqa worked. Porin went to the bedroom. He sat on the bed and waited.

On the bed, Porin was in some kind of thought. The thoughts went on and on inside his head. 'Who was that woman? Of course, I have seen her before, she lives in the house across from mine. I have seen her before. I have seen her walking, going down the stairs and walking up the stairs. I have also seen her in the building premises. She is attractive. Is she married? Somehow, I can't get rid of thoughts about her. I can see her face, I can still smell her perfume. What is it about her? I just can't shake thoughts about her. There must be something about her'. The thoughts went on in his head.

Porin waited for lunch.

'There is something about her. May be I should do something about it. May be I should start painting. I remember painting when I was a child, I painted a circle with some colour on paper once, I was pretty good at it, as my mother had told me'. Porin thought some more.

Then, after some ten minutes, he suddenly got off the bed, and went to the living room. He went into the living room and sat down on the dining table. He would eat now. In a minute, Shiqa came out with plates. She set the plates for Porin and then went back into the kitchen to get the lunch. She server Porin carefully, one item after another, while Porin was in his own thoughts. He looked at Shiqa and then started eating. The lunch was good as usual and Porin ate.

-

The lunch was eaten by Porin in some twenty minutes after which he got off the chair and went towards the bathroom to wash. Shiqa cleaned up the table after him.

Porin washed his hands and face in the bathroom and then got out of there. He was in his bedroom now. He looked outside from the bedroom door. There were sounds coming from the kitchen. He knew that, Shiqa would be working in the kitchen. He did not know of she had eaten. He heard the sounds from the kitchen and then looked into the living room. He waited a second. He knew that, Shiqa won't be done for at least fifteen minutes. Then, he retired to the bed. He knew that he had the next fifteen minutes to himself. He knew that, he had this time to himself and himself only. He put Shiqa out of his mind and waited. He waited for some thoughts to come to his mind. In a minute, thoughts about the woman from across the corridor came to his mind. He waited. Then, he closed his eyes. He would not open the eyes for the next ten minutes.

Inside the kitchen, his wife kept quiet and worked fast.

-

In about twenty minutes, Shiqa was done with her work in the kitchen. After that, she walked out of the kitchen and towards the bedroom. In about the same time, Porin was done with his closed eyes. After that, he opened his eyes, Shiqa appeared soon, in front of him. She was done, now, she was going to sleep, next to Porin. In some minutes, both of them were asleep on the bed.

Some two hours went by.

Some twenty kilometres away from them, in a suburb, Jokuf got off his bed. Jokuf went towards the window and looked outside. Outside, it was quiet, he looked at the sky. The sky was blue, with some white clouds. He looked at the sky for a while and then he turned around. He looked at the bed, his wife was not there. Then, he looked towards the kitchen, he heard some sounds from the kitchen. His wife was working in the kitchen. His wife was making tea in there. It was the routine. She would make the tea in the evening and then would give a cup to Jokuf. Jokuf would then have tea. Jokuf moved towards the bed and sat down. He had looked in the sky, it was blue as usual, with some white clouds. It felt elating as usual. But, as he sat down on the bed, that feeling went away. It was not the usual thing for him. It was only the case of late. Of late, that feeling of sky would go away, as soon as he sat down on the bed, he would be taken over by some kind of sad feeling. He did not know what it was. In a minute, like the day before, that feeling was broken by his wife, who brought in the tea and sat by him. His wife, Haska broke his feeling again with tea, again, Jokuf was taken over by his wife's presence. His mind made way for some kind of mix of tea, wife, etc. He lost touch with the sky.

With his wife, Jokuf had the tea. Haska had her tea quickly. Jokuf had it slowly. The tea was as usual. Haska looked out of the window as she had the tea. Jokuf looked at the floor while he had his.

-

Jokuf's mind went back a few years immediately. It was a similar kind of time, an evening. His wife had just prepared and handed him the tea. Then, she had sat next to him. They were both supposed to have tea. Jokuf remembered that the cup of tea was in front of him, on a table. While his wife held her cup in her hand. Jokuf had waited. He had known that the cup and tea would be hot, hotter than what he liked. 'What is with Haska and her people, do they have everything very hot, are they used to it'? That was his thought. He had waited. While Haska seemed not to. Jokuf had waited a good five minutes before he had moved to get the cup of tea in his hand. The cup still had felt very hot and he had put it down immediately. Haska had looked at him with some kind of anger on this. Jokuf had looked back. He remembered getting angrier. He had not said anything immediately. Haska had kept looking at him. Jokuf had waited. He had waited another five minutes before he went again for the tea. Again, as he grabbed the cup, it was very hot. After that, there was no time, before the cup landed on the wall in front of him, painting the wall in the colour of the tea. The cup with a sound and the pieces fell on the floor. The color of the tea spread on the wall and it rolled down, slowly, covering more and more of the wall, as it came down. Jokuf remembered looking at it. Then, he had looked at Haska. Haska's reaction seemed weird. She seemed to act as if she knew this was going to happen and as if she did not care about it. Jokuf wanted to slap her, he remembered. But, he had not. He had gotten off the bed and walked out of the bedroom.

He had not stopped at that. He had gotten out of the house as well. And, he had not stopped at that. He had gotten out of the area and the suburb and had reached the local airport. He was there in an hour. He remembered going towards the ticket counter. "Hello", he had said, and had asked, "Can you tell me where I can learn to fly a plane, the big one"? He remembered the person at the counter, a man, looking at him with disbelief. There was a silence for a few seconds. Then, the man had replied, "It is not done here, Sir". "Then, where is it done"? Jokuf had asked. "I don't know", the reply had come. Jokuf had persisted. There was no one else at the counter. The man working at the counter had waited. "I don't know", he had said again. Jokuf had stared inside the counter then. That's when he saw the words 'Flight Chart' written on one of the walls. The words 'Flight School' came to his mind now. "Is there a flight school here"? He asked the man inside immediately. "I don't know", came the reply. The man inside was now getting irritated. Jokuf did not notice it. He persisted. "Can you ask the airline if they know it"? Jokuf had asked. The man after that had not answered. Jokuf had waited. "You have to go to the eastern suburb of Fihaj to learn", a voice had come from behind. Jokuf had looked behind. There was a man standing behind him. An old man. He looked calm and reassuring. Jokuf looked at him and took in his words. Then, he had walked away, to go to the eastern suburb of Fihaj. There he would learn how to fly, not a cup of tea towards the wall, but, a plane, hopefully not towards a wall.

-

Jokuf had then had taken a bus to the suburb of Fihaj to go to the flight school. There he had enrolled immediately. The lessons would start the next week, he was told, it would begin with theory. Jokuf had enrolled and then had come back home.

-

The flight school had begun. In the next week, as told. Jokuf had started learning there everyday. Like told, the lessons had begun with the theory. Jokuf was attending the classes, related to the subjects of basic mathematics, engineering, mechanics and communication. He had to attend these classes for two months. After that, there was a written examination for these subjects. One had to pass all the subjects' examination in order to go ahead in the course. After the first two months, and the examination, there was a break for a week. After that, the next part had begun. The next part was also of the period of two months, with the advanced level of the same subjects. Again, Jokuf had to study and pass the examination in all the subjects. It was done, in the matter of fours months. Jokuf had passed the two parts with a total of eight examinations. Jokuf was happy with the results and even more happy with the part that was coming up. The next part was with the actual aircrafts.

Or, so, he had assumed. The next part, on turning up for the first day of the third part of the course, was actually related to the flight simulator. Jokuf and others, his course mates had to attend the classes related to the flight simulator. The class was taken to see the simulator. It was a huge machine, Jokuf was amazed at seeing it. They were first told about the machine.

'As you can see, this is the flight simulator. This is where you will get the firs lessons of actually flying an aircraft. This is the first step these days. These are not the old times. Back then, one would learn the first lessons in an actual plane. These days, there is no way you are touching an actual plane first. You have to go through the simulator first. In the simulator, the controls are exactly the same as the actual plane. The risk is nil. The simulator doesn't crash, for it doesn't fly up. Please pay attention to the lessons and fly well'.

This was the start.

The students were then taught the flying in the simulator. Jokuf was thrilled to see the simulator from the inside. It looked the same as the cockpit of the aircraft. With all the controls, switches, etc, present as he had studied in the courses. Now, he would be touching those controls and learn. The students took turns in the simulator. Two students at a time. They were given lessons inside the simulator for about two hours per student per day. This went on for three months. Jokuf got his lessons and was pretty sure he was going to learn to fly the actual aircraft well. He would fly in the simulator everyday and would come home and would see those views again and again. His dream was coming true. So was the dream of other students. The flight simulator with its big screens gave them an experience of different kinds of flying situations in terms of terrain, light, height, etc. The students enjoyed this part now, none of them liked the theory part. Every one of the students looked forward to flying the simulator everyday. The discussed about it amongst them and they told their friends about it. Jokuf avoided telling about it to his wife. Jokuf kept quiet at home. The crashes in the flight simulator were also experienced. By all the students. It was not a very good thing, they all knew that, they were all told about that. The crashes happened with each of them, and multiple times.

The flight simulator time was enjoyed by them all, it was the time of three months. After that, they were shown the evaluation, which was logged by the instructor everyday. After the three months, there was a class. In the class, they were shown the evaluation. Some students fell below a certain level, in terms of performance in the simulator and were guided to the simulator lessons again. The rest would now go on to see and fly the real plane.

After those three months, there was a break, of two weeks. Jokuf took time to rest, at home.

-

Jokuf never told Haska about this. Jokuf lived a life of eating, moving out of the house and coming back to the house.

-

Once the two weeks break was over, Jokuf was back to the flight school. It was the time for the next part. It was time to go to the actual plane. It was a Monday, start of a new week. All the students had arrived on time, it was the first day of the new part. There were some twenty students. The flight instructor had not arrived yet. So, the students waited.

The students waited in a classroom on the ground floor of the flight school building. It was a classroom which could hold fifty students. Currently, it held twenty. The students waited and chatted amongst each other.

"When is he going to come"? One student, Gihak, asked Jokuf.
"I don't have any idea". Jokuf answered.
"I hope he comes soon". Gihak said and waited.

Jokuf and Gihak had known each other since the beginning of the course. They came from the same city. "Is it going to take long"? Gihak said, again. "I don't know", Jokuf answered. Jokuf waited.

"Do you want to go to the canteen and get something to eat"? Jokuf asked Gihak, Jokuf was getting bored. "Sure", answered Gihak. They both got up and walked out of the classroom. They went up, to the first floor where the canteen was. They entered the canteen and went towards the counter. By the counter, there was a rack with multiple types of bags of chips and next to it there was a refrigerator, which had different kinds of cold drinks in it. Jokuf went towards the rack and picked out a bag of chips, then, he went towards the refrigerator and opened it. From there, he picked up a can of an energy drink. He was done, he looked at Gihak, he was still clueless about what to buy. Jokuf went ahead, went to the counter and paid for what he had taken. He occupied a seat nearby and tore open the bag of chips, it opened, with a slight hiss, with the compressed air inside coming out. Then, he opened the can of drink. He ate a mouthful of chips and then took a sip from the can. Then, he looked, at Gihak. He was still undecided with what to eat. Jokuf looked at his bag of chips and took out another mouthful from it. He ate it and then took another sip from the can. The energy drink went down his throat with bubbles and strange sensation. He had done this before. He continued, with the chips and the drink. He did not check on Gihak again.

Gihak came to him after about ten minutes, he brought with him a plate of something. "This is pitaku, do you want some"? He asked. He put the dish in Jokuf's face. Jokuf looked at it and declined. "Please", insisted Gihak, "Try it, it is good". Jokuf knew that he could not protest anymore, he drew some amount of that snack from that dish and ate it. "It is good", he delivered an acknowledgment. Gihak was now eating from that plate, he nodded. He continued. Jokuf looked at himself eating and waited. Then, he continued on his own bag of chips, he noticed the salt on the chips and then ate on. He was done with the rest of the chips pretty fast. He put the bag down, folded it and turned his attention to the can of energy drink. It was half full. "How much is this"? He asked Gihak about the price of the dish. Gihak took a few seconds, then answered, "Fifty", he said without looking up from the dish. He continued on the last portion of the snack. He ate it. Jokuf started drinking from the can, he increased his speed of drinking it, "We should hurry", he said to Gihak, "The class might start anytime now". "Okay", came the reply. They both finished their parts fast, in a minute, to get up from the table and get out of the canteen. They were both in the classroom in a minute. The instructor arrived along with them.

'Today, we are going to start with the aircraft'.

-

'The aircraft is the real part. This is the real machine. And today, we shall get started on it. We shall now move on to the airfield. Let us move'.

Then, the instructor walked out of the classroom. The students followed. Together, they walked towards the airfield. They did not have to go all the way to the airstrip. The aircraft was present in the hangar. As they entered the hangar, they saw the aircraft sitting there. The instructor, Mr. Tunit stood by the aircraft.

-

The aircraft was by Mr. Tunit.

-

The aircraft was an old four seater. It was by no means a replacement for the big one. But, it did serve the purpose of training well. It had the basic characteristics of an airplane.

Tunit walked around the aircraft as the students gathered near it. The twenty students were not at all in awe of the small aircraft. But, they were there for training, and not for the real life job. Tunit knew it, the students would get it in a bit. The students observed the aircraft and Tunit. Tunit finished a round of the aircraft and came back to stand in front of the students. The students listened, they became quiet. Tunit was quiet too. He waited for a minute, before he started to teach.

'This is the twin engine Repar 250 aircraft. It is an old machine, but, it is in the working condition. It can be flown. But, I guess, from the sheet that I have, none of you can fly it yet. First, you have to learn the machine, from the outside, you have to learn what it is made of. After that, you'll fly it'.

He took a look at the students and then continued.

'The plane has the standard plane parts as the big ones. Let me walk you through them'. Tunit looked at the aircraft. 'This is the front part', Tunit pointed to the nose of the aircraft, 'Also called as the nose of the aircraft. The fan you see on it is called the propeller, it fans the air backwards so that the aircraft goes forward. You know the basic theory behind it from your second part of the theory course'. Then, he continued, 'Generally, an aircraft would have either a propeller or engines, there is no need for both, both have the same function, and, either one of them would do. This aircraft is an exception though, it is going to teach after all'. He moved on. He went towards the wings of the aircraft. 'These are the wings. These are the engines. An aircraft will have either two or four of these engines. You have studied this. These are flaps and those are ailerons. Under the wings you can see the slats'. He waited. Then, he continued, 'Now, let's look at the back'. He walked towards the back. He pointed upwards and showed more, 'This is the rudder and that is the tail of the aircraft'.

Tunit continued and showed more to the students.

The students listened. It went on for a while. There were many parts and features that Tunit described. He walked around the aircraft, students followed him. Some of them took notes. Tunit described the function of each part. They took multiple rounds of the aircraft. There were many parts to be shown. The students had already studied the parts in the classroom. They were now seeing it for real. Tunit took an hour to show them the parts. After that, they were done. 'We are done for today, tomorrow, we'll see the inside'. He dismissed the class. The students walked away.

Jokuf and Gihak walked away. They were done for the day.

"What are you going to do now? Are you in a hurry"? Jokuf asked Gihak. Jokuf did not really want to go home any time soon. "I am not in a hurry", came the reply, "Why"? Jokuf answered, "I am not in a hurry, do you want to grab a pizza"? "Sure", came the answer. 'May be he does not want to go home either', Jokuf thought, and took the direction of a nearby pizza outlet, he knew the place as he had walked by it. "There is one outlet there", he informed Gihak,, pointing in the direction of the outlet and walked. Gihak walked with him. They reached the place in a couple of minutes. They entered the restaurant and took seat at a table.

They place an order and waited. "What do you think"? Gihak asked soon, "Are we going to get jobs once we are done"? Jokuf did not really want to get into that subject then. He wanted to eat. 'What is with this guy, he is always into something else when eating'. "There must be a good chance, there are always planes in the sky", he said and waited. Gihak nodded and thought about it. Jokuf waited.

Their order arrived in five minutes. It was a pizza they ordered, one each for each of them. They ate. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Gihak shouted, "Hey, Porin", and Jokuf looked up, Gihak was looking at a man at the door of the restaurant. He looked at Gihak and waved, Jokuf waited. That man came to their table. Gihak stood up and shook hands with that guy. Then, he said, "This is my friend, Porin", to Jokuf, Jokuf shook hands as well.

-

Jokuf got out of his thoughts and came back to the present. He looked around. He looked outside the window. The sky was getting dark. He thought of calling his long time colleague Porin. He looked at the phone.

-

The phone was silent. Jokuf kept looking at the phone. It was as if there was some kind of anticipation in his looking at the phone. But, the phone did not stand up to his anticipation. It did not ring. Not even after about five minutes of looking at it by Jokuf. Jokuf looked away.

He looked outside the window and then again at the floor. His mind went blank and then back. His mind went back to the flight school days.

After the first lesson of the fourth part, there was the second one. The second one involved the inside of the aircraft. The cockpit was given all the attention obviously. The switches, the dials, panels, pedals, screens, etc, were explained to the students, their knowledge was pushed for a recall, to be brought to the present from the classroom lessons. The students listened and watched. Tunit was again their instructor for it. The same twenty students were present. Jokuf and Gihak were also there.

After that, there was about a year of actual flying of the aircraft, for each of the students. All the students liked it as much as some feared it. It was all done though, through a year of practice. All of them learned the flying and were directed towards the final examination. All of them received their licenses in a year. After a brief celebration, the students parted their ways, some went back to the cities where they came from, some went into jobs, at different airlines. Jokuf was in touch with Porin with Gihak, all throughout after their first meeting at the pizza restaurant.

Jokuf got a job at the same airline as Porin. They worked together many times, piloting the same aircraft.

Jokuf had only told her wife about his pilot training and license after he got the license. All throughout his training, there was practically no talk between the both of them, the tea on the wall took about two years to dry and to fade. After that news though, his wife seemed to forgive him. Jokuf took his wife to a dinner in a nice restaurant after the license news. He also took her to the airport and showed the inside of the cockpit to her. She seemed to like it.

Jokuf fell into the habit of the job, he kept flying, seeing Porin multiple times. Porin and Jokuf were of nearly the same age. They went together well.

-

Jokuf had an off day one day and decided to take a walk in the area. He walked out of the house and took to the roads in his area. He walked for some time. He walked through narrow lanes and wide roads. He walked for about an hour and then decided to go back home. He turned around on a footpath, and started walking back. That is when he saw a girl walking towards him, it was a small girl. She walked towards him, looked at him and then suddenly stopped, very fast, right in front of Jokuf. Jokuf also stopped in front of her. A few seconds went by, none of them moved, or had any thoughts. Then, the girl moved suddenly and went away. Jokuf wondered what happened and then moved on, he could not think about it much. He wanted to turn around and look, but he did not.

Behind him, the girl walked on.

Jokuf returned home. He kept thinking about the girl, but, he could not, every time he tried to do that, it was as if something stopped him, that something was without a sound or a visual, or a thought. But, he could sense it. Something was stopping him and it was not him. He tried for some time and then had to stop, his wife came into the room.

"What is happening"? Haska asked out of some concern. "Nothing", Jokuf answered and moved on, he looked at her, and kept quiet. He knew that the thoughts about the girl would come back. He kept quiet. Haska tidied up the room and went out.

-

Jokuf went to sleep next to his wife after the dinner. It was a long night for him. The thoughts related to the girl kept coming back to him. And, as before, he could not make any progress on those. It was weird. The night went like that and the morning arrived, not very different from the night. It felt like the continuation of the night. Jokuf's eyes were open as the first rays of the sun entered the bedroom. Haska was asleep next to him. Jokuf looked at her and then looked up, at the ceiling and then beyond. There was a moment of prayer there. Then, he got off the bed and went to the bathroom. In half an hour, he had bathed and was ready to leave, he was in his pilot's uniform. He was at the door when Haska approached him. "Do you want breakfast"? She asked, Jokuf denied and left the house. On the street, in the morning, he sat in the car and moved. He would be at the airport soon.

Near the airport, Porin also sat in the car and moved, he watched idly from the car moved. He would be at the airport in a minute. He knew that.

At the airport, he waited in the pilot's lounge, for Jokuf. From the manifest, he got that Jokuf was going to be his companion for the flight. It was not much time before Jokuf arrived and saw him. "Hello", he greeted, "Hello", Porin replied and they both walked, in the terminal, past the security, to take the bridge and enter the aircraft, then the cockpit. In the cockpit, they got busy checking the controls and information as the plane started to fill up with the passengers behind them. An air hostess came in and asked, "Do you want anything to drink"? Jokuf denied. Porin thought for a moment and then asked for tea. Airhostess acknowledged it and went away. Tea would be there in a minute, Porin knew that. They both continued in the cockpit.

In a minute, the air hostess arrived with the tea and the information that the plane was done behind them, and that they were closing the doors. The pilots agreed and moved on, with the controls. Jokf checked around and started to apply power to the engines. Porin waited and watched. In a minute, the plane had backed and was on the tarmac, waiting for clearance from the ATC, to take off. The plane ahead had taken off. Porin looked ahead. Jokuf waited. In a minute, they got clearance. Jokuf applied more power with the throttle. Poring watched the dials. The plane moved forward. It gathered speed in a few seconds, then, more in about half minute. Then, Jokuf applied full power to finally take the plane off the tarmac, he did so by applying the right controls to the flaps. The plane took off. In a second, though, something weird happened, both the pilots froze, for a second, without moving, without a thought, they could not do anything about it. It was as if it was all arranged before and they just had to watch. In that second, the controls to be pushed were not pushed and the right amount of power was not applied to the aircraft. It was a critical second, the plane was taking off. And it lost power. There was no way now. A warning came on, 'Stall, Stall' and the plane stalled and fell, the ground was near, there was no way to recover, the pilots came out of their freeze of a second, and watched as the plane fell like a stone to the ground and the final view was of that of a big shakeup, dust, smoke and fire, the plane was soon just a fireball.

-
