19:56

The Notebook

Rariya sat in the trees in the garden, thinking about nothing in particular, although, the traces of thoughts she had had about her fatehr ran over her face, still. She had a fight with her father earlier that afternoon. There were not many words, but, some other things were involved.

"Where are you going?", her father had asked her as soon as she had srarted to go outside, as soon as she had stepped on the doorstep.

Rariya had never liked this practice of being asked when she was on a doorstep, ready to go outside. 'Who knew? It could have been her one lucky hour.' But, her father never caught onto that idea of not asking her when she was leaving, just when she was at the door.

"Nowhere", Rariya had hissed, obviously hiding the contempt as she did not want to waste another hour, or day, or a week being the receipient of her father's anger. He never understood her, and, she thought, he was never even going to try.

Her father stared at her and did not say a word. Rariya was supposed to answer now, without being asked. He was the authority.

'To stand in the line, near the station', she wanted to tell him like a common prostitute. It suddenly brought up her old dream of becoming a prostitute for a second. She looked at her father, as if for approval, and, she thought, she saw a hint of real emotion, upon sensing that thought in her. Rariya was happy for a moment there. A thought of dropping the idea of going out, and staying near her father came up on her being and stayed so for a few seconds. Inside, her mother thought, that, the house had come alive for a second.

It was a house for a while, with all the members if it, bathed in the beauty of what was reality. An outsider would have been perplexed, or inclined to ask an inappropriate question, or would have just ruined the moment.

It was all good now, for their family, they were together again, since, the time they got up in the morning. The day so far had been just about not thinking about themselves at all.

Rariya recovered at the note of some sounds coming from some place nearby, and went back to her original plan of going out, although, she wanted to ask her father, badly, if he wanted to come with her, first, towards the staation, of course, as her guardian and as her friend.

But, as usual, her father's face changed immediately, again pointing in some wrong direction. And Rariya was quick to notice it.

"I want to buy some clothes", she told her father, who was now staring at her angrily, their earlier vibe of a family lost in something else.

Her father did not answer, Rariya knew she could not just leave, after all, he was the one paying for her expenses. Rariya waited, showing appropriate amount of anxiety.

Her father still stared.

Rariya stared.

Her mother stared, inside the kitchen.

The cat passing by, on a nearby roof, bet, some other people stared too, outside, who were unrelated to the situation.

"Clothes, what clothes", her mother came out of the kitchen, busrting with anger and a weird smile, then, she looked at her husband.

The husband, Rariya's father, Mr. Odo, picked up the cue and stared more at her daughter, actually wanting some affection from her, but, settled on not getting anything, and, burst out, in under a second, "What do you need clothes for?" And, they were back to being a regular family of that area.

"I need clothes", Rariya answered, and looked at her mother, but, the mother did the same thing, she asked, "What do you need clothes for?"

Rariya was not happy. She asked back, "What do you need clothes for?", to her own mother.

The mother then looked at her father, who stared at her daughter, again. There may be a certain moment of a family even in that kind of interchange.

The cat outside fell silent and sat down.

-

The family drama about the clothes continued. There may have been an unsaid understanding that, none of them deserved clothes. The atmosphere was silent for a while.

The cat outside tried to meow, but, chose not to. Being the one, without the need for clothes, and, being more human, she might have felt sympathy for the family. Of course, she wanted her next meal to be a fish, and, she knew that this family could be the one giving it.

The family continued their togetherness. "What do you need clothes for, huh?", Rariya's father asked again.

Rariya was silent, she should have been on the verge of a little bit of crying, but, instead, she chose, to show an emotion, she had mastered on the streets of the city, of wet eyes, which spoke little, but, created an illusion of giving a lot. Her father may have been satisfied by that, but, her mother was not.

"What do you want clothes for?", her mother asked, but, the mother was not going to get anything like her father got. Instead, her mother got a rather cold look from Rariya, which may have been the result of Rariya's personal interaction with her father.


-

"What do you need clothes for?", the words continued inside the Odo household.

The family engaged in their interaction intensely.

The cat outside was tired. She wanted to sleep, for the lack of getting food.

A brief memory of her brother Tondo came to Rariya's mind, who also asked her regularly, 'What she needed clothes for?' Tondo was certainly missed today, in this interaction of their family.

Her father picked up the role of her brother pretty quickly, and asked her again, "What do you need clothes for?" Those were the only words that the family knew, for each other, it felt that way. Rariya was again not happy. She stared. Her father stared. Her mother brought on a look of encouragement for Rariya, to go ahead and buy clothes, but, upon looking, Rariya saw in her eyes, the same combination of concern and emotion from the outside. Rariya was not sure what to do, she looked at her father. Her father was now staring at her mother. Her mother stared into nothingness for a few seconds, which was their basic look, Rariya stared into nothingness as well, but, she had to think of something, as if by force. A thought of God passed her mind. Her father suddenly stared at her as well. Her mother got out of nothingness and stared at her. The staring continued for a while, it was their moment, that month.

Her mother's eyes got wet in a few seconds. She suddenly saw in Rariya what she had seen in heerself when she was younger, a thought about certain things, and a thought of God, the mother knew, she was ready for life outside, she was ready to go places. Her mother was full with emotion now, but, only as much as the circumstances allowed her. There was obviously a concern about some things which she had to think about, without any choice. She looked at Mr. Odo in a minute, who was still busy with his daughter.

The mother expected a reciprocation, may be, even an enhancement of her emotion in the eyes of her husband, but, she was disappointed, just as she was, after a few days of the marriage, and she got what she always got from him, "What do you need clothes for?" She should have been unhappy, but, as the life had taught her, she expected least from her husband, and, gave him everything, she smiled at him with whatever love she could muster.

Rariya also jumped into the emotion and tried to get a drop of that love. Of which, she was promptly denied, but, she was deluded enough all her life to accept that denial as love. Rariya was happy.

Even her father was happy, without looking at her, but, with the assurance that she was not getting any love, nor, any clothes. 'After all, without our love, how is she going to buy any clothes?' He knew that.

Rariya was anew again, with all the denial from her own family.

This was her moment, of being denied, everything, that was readily given, to almost all the other people on the planet, and to the animals, and even to the plants and trees. She looked again, at her family, to see, if she was going to get any more of that denial. She was obviously not disappointed, the denial was given to her, at a steady rate. She looked at her mother, and, was anew again.

Rariya felt a little out of breath, but, it may have been just the wind outside. Rariya just waited. She waited for the denial to continue.

Her mother and her father were now oblivious to her presence, it was nothing new for her, but, she rarely knew it.

"What do you need clothes for?", her mother asked her again as soon as the moment between the wife and the husband was over.

Rariya was thinking again.

Suddenly, a female voice burst onto her from behind her. "Where are you going?", Rariya's sister asked with excitement, younger than Rariya, Esata was happy to see her.

But, in a moment, she grabbed onto the air of the situation and changed her tone accordingly, She did not even have to think, or, listen to what it was all about. she asked Rariya, "What do you need clothes for?" Upon which, Rariya was not disappointed. Rariya stared at her sister. Her father stared at Esata, her mother stared into the nothingness again.

"What do you need clothes for?", Rariya asked her sister, with anger, this she was allowed as an elder sister, the emphasis on "you" was not missed by Esata.


-

Esata stared at Rariya.

Some other people now stared at both, Rariya and Esata. It was time.

Rariya had spent some one hour struggling with the question of clothes. It was time. The mother and the father seemed satisfied now, and Esata provided them with some distraction, which was a good opportunity for Rariya to take a leave. And, she did.

It was all over.

In the garden, she recalled that time of struggle and sat on the bench.

She was not happy. She felt denied, by the world. She just sat there.

Soon, a bunch of people arrived in the garden. They were a group of some five people. Usually, Rariya would have been alarmed at the arrival of so many people, men, near her when not many people were around, out of her security concern. But, she was not, this time. For it was a group of a few young men who seemed to be from a good family, or, two. They seemed educated amd were interacting with joyful words. 'They may be in a state of good mood', Rariya thought.

The group settled on the bench next to hers. 'It may be that they feel protective of me, being from a good background', Rariya thought.

The group continued, without paying much attention to Rariya.


-

"The exam was pretty okay this time, I guess", one of the guys said. He was wearing a light blue colored shirt and black pants.

"May be", another guy replied, he was wearing a white shirt and khaki pants.

"I hope this stays the same for the next semester", third guy chirped in, he was wearing a white shirt and black pants.

Rariya wondered about the guys' clothing. 'What kind of clothes are these?' She made a very slight gesture in their direction, expressing a dislike about their clothes, and continued, to think and also listen to their conversation.

"The physics question paper in the next semester should be easy, I think, the professor is going easy this year, owing to the new syllabus. Obviously, we won't be able to pick up all the syllabus when it is so new", the light blue shirt said and looked at his friends. Rariya heard the words, but, did not register the content, except for the word new, upon which she started thinking.

"Oh yes, this may be so", the khaki pants said, now, getting lost into something.

The third guy remained silent. The remaining two were still to speak a word.

"The mathematics paper was a breeze for everyone this semester", the light blue shirt said again.

"Sure", the third guy replied and looked around.

It looked like the five guys were going to go through all their subjects now.

Rariya was bored with their conversation, and, was thinking again. She looked briefly at the fifth guy who was sitting at the edge of their bench, and was near to her. He was lost into something, with a question paper in his hand. He smiled absent mindedly and also listened to the group. Rariya found it quite unusual and stared. The fifth guy soon brought out a look of some kind of achievement on his face, it was probably due to his confidence about his marks. Rariya noticed it and started thinking about some things.

Her thoughts turned towards herself. She always wanted to marry, a good person who would provide for her and for her kids. She had thought about it since the days of her childhood. She brought out her favorite thought, that, 'he would feed me'. She briefly looked at the fifth guy, as if to confirm if he would do that. He still seemed lost in his question paper, but, without looking at it.

The guys continued talking.

The girl recalled something which she had read a few years earlier. It was a short story about a guy and a girl who get married.

The summary of the story danced in front of the girl's eyes. Rariya got lost into it, a little bit.

"Of course, I would do anything for you", the guy says to the girl in the story.

The girl shies and looks at the stars. The guy looks at the girl and feels proud.

"Would we buy a big house?", the girl asks guy dreamily.

Upon which, the guy starts thinking. The girl registers this.

"It's okay if don't", she touches her and reassures him, of her love.

The guy feels it and stays quiet.

"How are we going to feed ourselves?", the girl asks the guy.

The guy takes a moment, and, replies, "by working hard". The girl seems pleased.

Rariya remembered feeling emotional upon reading the above line. She paused her recall of the story for a moment.

Then, she continued, she kept an eye on the fifth guy.

"What kind of flowers would you bring me?", the girl asks the guy in the story.

"Red and fragrant, of course", the guy replies and kisses the girl.

The girl feels some emotions again.

"Here, have some of this candy", the girl forwards a candy bar to the guy, the guy takes it, and, carefully, only eats a small bite out of it. Leaving most of the candy bar intact for the girl. The girl does not look at the candy bar, but, does think, "he is going to take care of me", and gets lost in her own thoughts.

On which, the guy just looks ahead and gives a quiet assurance to the girl.

Rariya remembers feeling that she wanted this.

She looked ahead in the distance.

In a minute, she was jerked out of her own thoughts, by the words she heard from the fifth guy, "I am hungry now, shall we go and eat?" The guy had asked the rest of the group.

Rariya again thought about herself.

She was not going to get this opportunity get away. She instantly started staring ahead, and thinking only about the fifth guy. The fifth guy seemed to have registered it, and sat quietly. He did not know, though, that, the thoughts in his mind were coming from her. He kept quiet, he did not even fiddle with the question paper in his hand. Suddenly, his mood turned a little down. The desire to eat faded a little. He sat, looking ahead.

Rariya seemed encouraged by this and thought continuously about the guy. She was getting happier and the guy was getting a little sadder. Rariya only thought about her own future and her food. She wanted that, more than she wanted the guy, more than she wanted anything in the world. She continued to look ahead, with fury and intensity. She wanted to grab this opportunity fully.

The fifth guy just sat.

Rariya was getting into a frenzy, related mostly to food. She only thought about the fifth guy and her future with him at the dining table. She wanted nothing else in her life. She would forget her father and her mother for that. She would even forget her sister if she got that. She was even about to decide to forget the entire family of hers for that, when she was interrupted by a screech of pen on a paper and a ruffle.

She looked and found that the guy was now furiously writing something on a paper. He was intense and looked only at the paper. The other guys did not notice his activity.

Rariya longed to see what was being written on that paper. But, it would be difficult given that the guy sitting next to her was a stranger. But, she still tried, out of her shear will to obtain her future at the dining table.

She shifted closer to the guy's sitting position and raised her neck to read what was being written on that paper. She soon read it and she was stunned.

The guy went on writing.

"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"
"What do you need clothes for?"

22:19
